[Episode 3]
You can sit and join us.
It's dangerous! Too dangerous!
I was scolded for not closing the gate!
Why are you laughing?
Uh... Nothing, brother.
I'm blind, not deaf.
Phuc told me that...
He told you what?
He told me that
you are quite a picky eater
so you need to be spoon-fed to eat more.
Me?
Who else could it be?
Do it.
Yes?
You want to spoon-feed me, right?
Hurry.
The food won't be good when it gets cold.
Do it carefully.
Open your mouth so I can do it.
I'm starting to doubt your educational level.
Say "A".
"A" what?
Say "A", please!
A...
"A" what?
Just say it!
Can I say "B"?
If you say "B", I'll make you a smoothie to drink.
Hurry! "A".
If you don't talk back, won't you be happy?
No!
Ah...
Are you trying to fool me?
Now, say "mom".
"Mom..."
"Mom" what?
I just call it "Mum".
Just say it. "Mom!"
Hurry!
Mom...
Can't you do it properly?
Did you bite your tongue?
You deserve it!
I should tie your tongue.
I dare you!
Why do you think I won't do it?
You're talking too much!
Am I your son?
If you were my son, I'd kill you already!
You dare?
I don't. That's why you're still alive.
You're so good. It's almost finished.
Let's clean your mouth.
I remember hiring a helper,
not a kindergarten teacher.
You're talking too much!
You took so long with that bowl.
One night, when the moon casts light on the whole world,
ten daughters of the village chief...
Your voice is boring.
I would prefer listening to the radio.
I won't continue, then!
Jerk!
Huh? Where's Duy?
He's been at the restaurant since this afternoon.
You're home, but you don't know that?
What do you want to do tomorrow?
What do you mean by that?
I mean hanging out!
We'll go outside to hang out!
My conditions are like this. How can I go?
If you don't walk more, how can your legs recover?
Whatever you do, you can't change it.
You're young but so pessimistic!
I will never be able to walk again.
Just like my eyes, I will never see anything again.
The light comes from here.
As long as it still beats,
your life still goes on.
Why don't you close the door when you sleep?
What if I enter your room,
and I see you naked?
In Korea or Japan, they have public bathrooms.
It's normal for men to see each other's bodies.
You answer my question first.
Why don't you close the door while you sleep?
I'm afraid.
I want to hear human sounds.
Since my accident, I've always been alone.
Being alone is very scary.
So I want to hear human sounds, even just the sound of a breath.
It helps me not feel lonely.
Do you know that, every time I open my eyes, all I see is darkness.
How scary could it be to me?
You wouldn't understand it.
I do. I understand.
Thach.
Do you know why our eyes are at the front?
Because God wants us to move forward.
The future is what matters.
What's over, just forget it.
It's good that we're still alive.
It's really good to be alive.
What are you two doing?
A helper thinks he can have a chance with his boss!
An ugly toad thinks it can be with a swan!
Linh!
He only wants to use you!
I don't know whether he does that or not,
but I know you do.
You're pretty, but your words are nonsense!
Whose words are nonsense?
Do you want to get slapped?
Can you stop it?
Whatever you do, I won't sign the deed of gift for my restaurant!
If you don't let me take management, who will do it?
My brother is back.
Why do I have to give it to an outsider like you?
I can't understand.
I've been by your side for so long, but you still think of me as an outsider?
I should have beaten him to death.
What have you done to my brother?
She hit me with a stick.
Duy?
Are you okay?
I'm still alive.
Your force of the hit was really strong!
Are you out of your mind?
Yes! I am out of my mind!
How can I do nothing and let my child be born without a father?
What did you say?
I'm pregnant.
Pregnant? When?
I've just known it recently.
That's why I insisted you sign the paper.
You know I don't have a family, a house.
How can I raise my child when I give birth to it?
Are you telling the truth?
I swear!
Don't swear!
Duy. Take her to the hospital to check tomorrow.
Despising me like that is enough!
Look for yourself!
The result of the pregnancy test is positive.
You don't remember when you started to sleep with me?
Where is my room now?
Since you found out that my brother went blind,
you left him.
Now you're back and demanding the restaurant.
What are you thinking?
I gave all my youth to your brother.
A restaurant is not a big thing!
You are the one who despises yourself!
You can't trick him, so now you use the baby to force him?
I only want to take what my child and I deserve.
What's wrong with it?
Let me tell you this.
If I find out that the baby is not his,
you won't be done with me.
It could be good news.
I don't believe that she's pregnant.
How dare she!
Please calm down.
Who does she think she is to fool me?
Why didn't you expose her there?
You could just expose her there.
No.
I can't.
Am I not miserable enough?
Brother!
Don't be like that!
How could she?
How dare she did that!
Brother.
That d*mn woman!
Brother!
That sl*t!
Can you just stop it?
She dared to fool me!
You're hurting yourself!
Godd*mn her!
Slowly.
Stand still.
Why are you taking me out here?
To walk!
Today, I'm not in the mood to do anything.
I want to tell you a secret.
A sensational secret!
But... If you want to hear it, you must come to me.
Okay.
No stick!
Just take it slowly. I'm right in front of you.
Let me take you some water!
It's so fresh!
The wind is so cool!
I mean your hand is fresh.
You wear a watch?
Yes.
No ring. So, you're single.
Where did you take that from?
I want to believe it's true.
Wake me when it's meal time.
If you lean on me like this, how can I prepare the meal?
You can do anything as long as you don't leave me.
Are this Cinderella and his prince?
Oh, my dear Thach.
So romantic!
Someone would be very happy to see this!